Support update (#6)
mulesoft/docs-anypoint-platform-pcf: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

* **Anypoint Metering Service**: provides an API that enables you to view usage metrics for Mule applications deployed to PCF. You can view usage metrics for production, pre-production, staging, and development environments.

> == What PCF Supports

Reviewer: GLOBAL per Term Presentation List and PMMs:

Anypoint Platform for Pivotal Cloud Foundry (Anypoint Platform for PCF)

Please use the full name at first use per topic set and then the approved abbr. thereafter.

> When running Mule on Pivotal Cloud Foundry (PCF) and using the cloud-hosted control plane, deploy Runtime Fabric for Mule deployments alongside your PCF environment, as this provides better integration of Anypoint Platform, support for managed patches, and new runtime versions.

Reviewer: For translation/localization, change "as" to "because"

If you choose not to use the cloud-hosted control plane, use the native PCF tooling for deploying and managing Mule on PCF.

> === What does MuleSoft provide?

Reviewer: I recommend not using questions for topic titles.

Reviewer: Looking here and at what follows, I suggest that we spend some time in future working on the structure of this text. We want to avoid nesting information lower than three levels, and it looks like these titles and bullets go to five.

> ==== Buildpacks for Mule runtimes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Buildpacks for Mule Versions
```

Reviewer: GLOBALLY search for "mule runtime" and ensure that you have used either the full name (Mule runtime engine) or the abbr. (Mule) alone.

> MuleSoft provides a buildpack for each of the following versions of the Mule runtime. These buildpacks enable you to deploy their applications to PCF using native tooling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MuleSoft provides a buildpack for each of the following versions of the Mule runtime. These buildpacks enable you to deploy their applications to PCF using native tooling.
```

***** Mule 3.9.1
***** Mule 3.8.7
***** Mule 3.8.5

> ***** Mule 3.8.1

Reviewer: linebreak

==== Anypoint Platform Tile

> The Anypoint Platform Tile contains 3 service brokers, which perform the following actions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Anypoint Platform Tile contains three service brokers, which perform the following actions:
```

> 

Reviewer: No periods; these are not sentences.

***** Manage Mule applications in PCE v1.6.1 or earlier.
***** Manage API policies in PCE v1.6.1 or earlier.

> ***** Count incoming transactions to deployed Mules.

Reviewer: Mules > Mule instances

The first two service brokers are no longer compatible with Anypoint Private Cloud Edition (PCE) as of v1.7 and later. 

> The third service broker is used to count the number of incoming transactions for each Mule application or API. Coupled with a metering plugin which resides on each Mule buildpack, this service broker generates reports for auditing and licensing purposes. The service was built to support a transaction-based pricing model for Mules deployed on PCF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The third service broker is used to count the number of incoming transactions for each Mule application or API. Coupled with a metering plugin that resides on each Mule buildpack, this service broker generates reports for auditing and licensing purposes and was built to support a transaction-based pricing model for Mule instances deployed on PCF.
```

=== What is supported with PCF?

> ==== On-premise standalone

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== On-Premise Standalone Instance
```

> 

Reviewer: Avoid including titles without narrative transitions to subtitles. 
This is another indication of an issue with topic hierarchy.

===== Mule Application Deployments

> In practice, customers use the native tooling (API, CLI) that PCF provides to deploy and manage their Mule applications similar to other applications they deploy and manage on PCF. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In practice, customers use the native tooling (API and CLI) that PCF provides to deploy and manage their Mule applications in a manner similar to how they deploy and manage other applications on PCF. 
```

With the native tooling, customers can perform the following actions:

> ****** Deploy applications with CLI, API, or a common build pipeline

Reviewer: Yeah...six levels of nesting is not great....

Reviewer: None of the following should end with a period

Reviewer: ditto GLOBAL to fix references to Mule

****** Set custom properties.
****** Horizontally scale their Mule applications by increasing the number of replicas.
****** Specify the version of the Mule runtime per application.
****** Specify the amount of memory for each application replica.
****** Cluster Mule runtimes by setting up an externalized HazelCast service broker.
****** Configuring the application endpoint name.
****** Start, stop, and delete Mule applications.
****** View monitoring data and set alerting via PCF metrics.
****** Re-deploy without downtime, with support for blue/green deployments.

> ****** Automatic failover of Mule applications.

Reviewer: Not parallel with peer list entries nor grammatically complete with the list intro

===== API Policy Management 
API policies are supported with the following additional setup:

> 

Reviewer: Rework so that you do not have a sentence that ends with a colon introducing a heading that ends with a colon.
Note how distant the "heading" below is from its narrative peer.

> For PCE versions 1.6.x and 1.7.x:

Reviewer: From here to the end of this PR, these tasks are too heavily nested, as stated earlier.
This text needs to be reorganized going forward.

. Deploy an app:

.. Deploy an app using `cf push <app>` with the manifest file or typical `cf` commands.

> .. After the app is created, run `cf app <app>` and make note of the app URL.

Reviewer: How does the step Deploy an app have the substep deploy an app, as well as a reference to app CREATION?

. Deploy a proxy application:
               

> .. Use the PCE instance to get properties.

Reviewer: Points to syntax that follows? If so, colon.

-Danypoint.platform.coreservice_base_uri=< ex: https://qax.anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts >
-Danypoint.platform.on_prem=true 
-Danypoint.platform.contracts_base_uri=< ex: https://qax.anypoint.mulesoft.com/apigateway/ccs>
----

.. After gathering all the properties, deploy the proxy:
+
----
. cf push <proxy> -b <mulebuildpackname> -p <proxy app that mulesoft provided> --no-start
. cf set-env <proxy-app> mcm_anypoint_metering_plan_unlimited true
. cf set-env <proxy-app> MULE_JAVA_OPTS "-Dapi.name=muleapp -Dapi.version=1.0
-Dimplementation.host=muleapp.apps.santafesprings.cf-app.com -Dimplementation.port=80
-Dimplementation.path=/ -Danypoint.platform.client_id=0f2ea15d88fa452e8ca1a5f4bb724728
-Danypoint.platform.client_secret=BbCA70Bb056F437e94C707B67aF4284D
-Danypoint.platform.platform_base_uri=https://161-171-upgrade-2056596225.us-east-2.elb.amazonaws.com/apiplatform
-Danypoint.platform.coreservice_base_uri=https://161-171-upgrade-2056596225.us-east-2.elb.amazonaws.com/accounts -Danypoint.platform.on_prem=true
-Danypoint.platform.contracts_base_uri=https://161-171-upgrade-2056596225.us-east-2.elb.amazonaws.com/apigateway/ccs

. cf start <proxy>
----

> .. Tail the logs by running `cf logs <proxy>`.

Reviewer: End with colon to lead to bullet list.

> ***  The 2018-11-13T10:07:09.52-0800 [APP/PROC/WEB/0] OUT INFO  2018-11-13 18:07:09,494 [agw-policy-polling.01] com.mulesoft.module.policies.lifecyle.GateKeeper log should indicate that API <proxyappname> <version> is now unblocked.

Reviewer: extra space; also, please reread this item to verify that it is understandable and clear to your intended audience.
```suggestion
*** The 2018-11-13T10:07:09.52-0800 [APP/PROC/WEB/0] OUT INFO  2018-11-13 18:07:09,494 [agw-policy-polling.01] com.mulesoft.module.policies.lifecyle.GateKeeper log should indicate that API <proxyappname> <version> is now unblocked.
```

> *** In the PCE instance of API manager, the proxy auto registers with status as ACTIVE. If you see `401` or `500` errors in the logs, make sure you have sufficient permissions to create an API in API manager. The proxy uses the properties provided in the previous step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*** In the PCE instance of API manager, the proxy auto-registers with a status of ACTIVE. 
If you see `401` or `500` errors in the logs, make sure you have sufficient permissions to create an API in API Manager. The proxy uses the properties provided in the previous step.
```

.. Create a user service instance for the proxy app using the following command:
+
----
`cf create-user-provided-service SERVICE-INSTANCE -r ROUTE-SERVICE-URL`
----
... For example, `cf create-user-provided-service muleappproxy -r https://muleappproxy.apps.santafesprings.cf-app.com`.

> ... For additional information, refer to https://docs.cloudfoundry.org/services/route-services.html#user-provided[User-Provided Service, role=external, window=_blank].

Reviewer: Why are these formatted as steps?
The first item is a fragment and should be a complete sentence.

.. Bind or create a route between proxyApp and the app using the following command:
+
----
cf bind-route-service DOMAIN SERVICE-INSTANCE [--hostname HOSTNAME]
----

> ... For example, `cf bind-route-service apps.santafesprings.cf-app.com muleappproxy --hostname springbootapp`.

Reviewer: ditto previous comments

> .. Verify the app URL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. Verify the app URL.
```

> ... To make sure that the app is getting routed through the proxy with policies applied, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
... To ensusre that the app is being routed through the proxy with policies applied, 
```

> hit the URL of the app to ensure it is reachable. You should see multiple logs. If not, then there is an issue with 

Reviewer: Replace "hit the URL" by using a more common verb. "test"?

routing or the proxy app.
... In the PCE instance of API Manager, configure policies for proxyAPI.

> ... Apply simple auth and httpauth. You should see policies getting applied to logs in proxyapp logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
... Apply simple auth and httpauth. 
You should see policies being applied to logs in proxyapp logs.
```

> ... Go to the customer app and it should now ask for the authorization that you configured in API manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
... Navigate to the customer app, which should ask for the authorization that you configured in API Manager.
```
No followup step for supplying the authorization?

> ====== For CloudHub (anypoint.mulesoft.com) and latest PCE instance 2.0.0:

Reviewer: "...and latest PCE instance 2.0.0"? Do you mean v2.0.0?

> . For API manager 2.0, perform the steps in xref:api-manager/2.x/configure-autodiscovery-3-task.adoc [Configuring API Gateway API Autodiscovery in a Mule 3 Application, role=external, window=_blank].

Reviewer: GLOBALLY fix "API manager" > "API Manager"

. Register the API in API manager.

> . Use the API name and version provided by the API manager to configure the properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Use the API name and version provided by API Manager to configure the properties:
```

+
----
-Dapi.name=<long App name from API manager> ex: groupId:cef274d5-780e-48e2-9081-e98d5cfc6113:assetId:proxyapp     
-Dapi.version=<version of the app ex: v1:136567>
----

> . Make sure you created the API in the environment from which `clientId` and `secret` are provided to the proxy. `clientId` and `secret` apply to the environment, not the organization. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Verify that you created the API in the environment from which `clientId` and `secret` are provided to the proxy. `clientId` and `secret` apply to the environment, not the organization. For example:
```
